Phelicity was a bright, vibrant little girl.
She was a beautiful kid
—she really was.
She embraced the fact that she was ill.
She was confident and courageous,
knowing that Jehovah would resurrect her.
Phelicity really enjoyed the privilege
of being invited to share
in the February broadcast of 2016.
But sadly, just a few weeks later,
Phelicity passed away.
When you watch a child die in her mother’s arms,
it’s the most saddening thing you’ll ever see.
The pain and the sting of death is so strong.
But after some time, as time goes by,
the sting starts to fade a little bit into,
‘I just really miss that person.’
Simple things like setting the table
—that’s when you need courage.
There’s one less plate,
one less fork, one less knife,
one less seat.
On the day that Phelicity died,
the account of Jairus’ daughter
actually helped Ben and I as parents.
At that moment,
when he was told
that his daughter had died,
I know how he felt.
And yet Jesus said: ‘Do not fear.’
His daughter wasn’t dead.
She was just asleep.
After Phelicity died,
we went to the very next meeting.
Many of our friends
—they didn’t know what to say.
But they did the most important thing ever
—they offered a warm embrace.
The friends in our Kingdom Hall
are like family to us.
They really protected us; they comforted us.
Sometimes, there would be cards.
The hardest thing for us to do after Phelicity died
was to look at the resurrection hope
during our family worship.
Our children lost their sister and their friend.
We were able to see the benefit,
especially when we heard
their private prayers at nighttime.
They would make expressions
about the resurrection hope,
and how they knew
that Phelicity was safe in Jehovah’s memory.
Phelicity often said that she felt
the best when she was in the ministry
because she didn’t focus on her own illness.
And since she’s died,
we can truly understand what she meant by that.
Our experience with losing Phelicity
has actually given us
the ability to comfort other people.
So when we’re in the field and we meet
people who have lost someone they love,
we feel better equipped
emotionally and spiritually
to be able to strengthen others.
The expansion of our ministry
has been something that we’ve really enjoyed.
It keeps our minds occupied
and keeps the hope more real to us.
Of course, there’s always a pain
that won’t go away until we get Phelicity back.
But we put it in its place.
We allow it to energize our family
to do the things that Jehovah wants us to do.
The resurrection hope is real;
it’s going to happen.
We just have to be patient.